API: Fix filter `email.send` to be used in Flows (#23446)
directus/directus: .changeset/smart-boats-rule.md

---
"@directus/api": patch
---

> Fixed filter `email.send` to be used in Flows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the `email.send` filter to be usable in Flows in conjunction with the "Run Script" operation
```
